Okay.
So we're still working on this object user.
So we have the form.
We made a request to back in.
We got the user response.
So let's use this response to populate all these values we have in the state to name, email, website,
all that sort of said name and data dot name sent.
Email.
Twitter.
Email set.
Website set.
Yeah.
We don't have the password said ruleset ticked.
Now, ticked is not something we needed because that was during the creation of the user.
If we wanted to send the email or so, we didn't need that setting to let me remove that from here.
You.
And that is all we need.
So when we're making requests, let's also.
Um.
Yeah.
We didn't really need to use the learning, so let's leave it like that.
Okay, so we have the values in the state.
So that means.
We may see that.
Let's go down to this form.
Let's remove that to.
Officer.
Tick box.
The symbol that.
Right.
So you can see the name, email.
The information has been populated here.
Beautiful.
So rule for all is not right.
Password is not populated because password is not something we want to populate.
This is auto generated buzzword.
Let me quickly have a look at the finished project password.
I think we should just leave it without updating.
So let's go to all users.
Edit.
So password feel we leave it empty.
I guess that's what we need to do.
Okay.
So the password.
So let me just don't take so we don't have the generate button as well.
So let's remove this all together.
So generate password.
Let's remove that button.
Let's remember this.
DB we don't actually need since we don't have the burden in just a single single element.
You.
Password value.
Let's go to our state and remove that generator.
Let's remove the import as you.
Okay.
Beautiful.
So name email is populated.
Those who have said it doesn't exist.
Now let's make sure whatever the role of the user currently is, we show that by default here.
So for that, let's come down.
Officer.
Now this rules option.
We want to throw this option only if the user is trying to object.
If so, if the administration object, if other users are trying to upgrade, they shouldn't be able
to object the rules by themselves because otherwise anyone can make them admin.
Right.
So we don't want that, but that is something we can take a bit later at the moment.
Let's just continue thinking that this is for the admin.
So select a default value instead of default value.
Now we use just valid and then value will be whatever is the role of the user which is in the state
value that will be drove, whatever that is.
So you can see values admin because this user is and now let's also work on the image.
So we will allow the user to add the images.
So first, let's import the media context import.
Components.
Certain components.
Context, context, media.
And then let's use the media that media to use context, media context.
And then we need to have one state here for images as well to post images since it means to use state.
So we get the images now.
When we get the data, if the user had existing images, then we will be able to put that in the state.
I just said images, data dot in this image is going to be object so it will have the property URL and
some other information.
So I think we should just turn this from string to object.
Perfect.
So we got that as well.
So that means now we want to show the media model here.
Right?
Now, before I do that, let me just try clicking another user just to make sure these values are added
as expected around the author.
Let's try this one.
Ryan, the author.
I still see the same students, same value.
I think what we did in the back in that case, I think that is the reason.
So we are sending the user ID, but I think we are using this idea early instead.
I think we are using the currently logged in use society.
Let me quickly go to server controllers of current user profile.
Yes.
So we shouldn't be using the currently logged in use society.
Instead, we should use that request params user id.
You know.
Roberts We have the user I.D. So let's use that very instant, I guess, to request
params.
Start use it.
Well, let's try.
Right in the autumn.
Now you can see we get the correct value all uses of.
So next we're going to show the images we saw, the images, the media component, so that user can
pick the image or upload a new one and use as high profile images.
So let's import the media library sort of media component.
Components.
Media then.
So good that we can put that right on top of the phone.
So we got this in food.
Let's just put that here.
All right.
So you can see we showed these options, upload, file or pick from the library.
Maybe even need a bit of a break.
No
problem.
So let's actually let's work on this function.
We don't have the endpoint to update the user in the back, and so we have to create that.
But before we do that, let's just write our excuse request anyways.
So const data equals to wait.
Excuse to put we make it put.
Request to update.
Dysfunctional delivery system to the function you can see on click handles.
Submit executes.
So handle submit.
We make a request that you are and will be less.
Update user, let's call adopted user and then we need to send all the values to update.
Right.
So here.
No, that's.
That's right.
So here what is being said is we've seen all the violence from the states.
We send the name,
email, password, website, role and emails.
So we send all this.
No, this image will be different.
So images will be available if the user have selected the image.
So if they have click on the image, then we need to grab that from the context, right?
So otherwise we don't send anything, we just give the value of undefined.
So images.
So what I can do is right here.
So if media so if we have media context and then if we have selected media that, then we want to grab
that idea.
So all we need to do is send the idea.
Right.
If not, if we don't have the selected media.
Then.
Sorry.
Media selected I this.
If you have that, then we want to use this value.
So if there is a select media.
We want to use that value.
But what if the user didn't select from the existing image?
What if he uploaded the new one?
Right.
So in that case, also there would always be a selected image.
So if they approved a new image, that image will automatically be selected.
So either in either case, we will have the image if user have uploaded or selected from the existing
one.
So we will get that.
But if not.
Then you want to check if the user had existing.
So if user had existing images that would be here in the state already.
Right.
So in that case, we want to use that value
if selected.
Use that one.
Otherwise, if we have the images again, we take.
So again, it's a nested ternary operator.
So if we have the images, use that images.
Right.
Continue using that.
In fact, we just need to send the images we took for the.
If we have that, use that it means it.
Otherwise we don't use.
No, it's true.
We do on different to this value will be saved in the database.
So whatever it is, it will stay.
It will not make any difference.
So if there's selected images we use that, if the user already have the images we use that, otherwise
we not sending anything.
So in different now with all this we can cancel long before we do anything here because once this is
updated, we have to object to use this information in the local stories and also in the context.
Right.
And of course, we have to create this endpoint in the back and we don't have that did.
So we'll do all that.
But let's have a look how this data is sent.
We can still see how all this data is being sent by opening the network.
I said, let's try and it's open network.
So let's upload.
The images.
Let's just pick one from the library.
Let me pick.
The same is.
So the name, email and website.
Password change.
Hit.
Submit.
I get.
You can see the full fill up.
You're not phone, which is obvious.
We don't have that endpoint.
But the payload you can see we are sending all this information to email images, the image I.D. name.
Rule.
We've said we could have made some sense when the could.
You can see all these values, the the working.
We are sending them to the back.
Perfect.
So let's go.
Continue in the next lesson.
We're going to create the endpoint in the back end and hand in the response you.